Goodison well no wonder he smile and
Roberto Martinez because I think the
game plan has been executed extremely
well by Wigan they're coping comfortably
at the back and again it's just poor
marking isn't it from the American
viewpoint just seems to run off the back
of Leon Osman
by now Figueroa and there's a lot of
grappling between McManaman and young
maka he's just trying to start market
from coming together and he certainly
was successful in that McManaman and I
think on what we've seen so far for me
it's merited
history waiting for him
Fellini
uh paneer by Shauna
right from McCarthy we're gonna have
something to cling to now
and middles giving it away and that
Macklin Chinese by care
the Anatolian Goodison
and twice in a trice we're gonna scored
here Nevel culpable McManaman
with one of the moments of his life well
people try to tell me now that Wigan are
concentrating more in the Premier League
forget it they've got the taste for this
big time Phil Neville we know it was a
bad mistake and tried to find this town
got nowhere near him this guy's got the
pace but he had a long time to wait
before he came up with the finish but
how cool is that from Carl McManaman and
what a position Wigan are in there
this week David Moyes whether he just
needs a trophy his answer was never mind
me Everton just need a trophy
Malati
Bost assures gone beyond and curly wide
here
manaman loitering on the edge of the
penalty area - named Gomez all my world
it's 3-nil wicked
an extraordinary and fake purple patch
the young believability Forte Whelan
who saw it coming this is incredible
football really is but again for me
every religious not getting tight enough
I mean Kony's got all the time in the
world to pick out gomez
but how sweet is that he's a couple of
defenders in friendly market he just
uses the machines just to pass it into
the net Jordi Gomez and it's partial